---
title: "13"
author: "Happy Rotter"
layout: post
---
Dumbledore said: "No, it is quite simply a bad idea to call this thing 'the wizard's curse.'" Harry Potter replied: "I don't think that would be a bad idea. I don't think that would be a bad idea, as I would not consider it to be anything other than a bad idea." Snape stated: "The curse has been used in a number of wizardly functions."
<br>
A wizard had claimed to have been poisoned by his parents at the age of fourteen, when his parents and his wife were living in the Great Gatsby. The curse is an evil potion, a potion that is given to an innocent boy for his evil deed, in an attempt to avoid being poisoned or killed, and a part of a potion that can be used as a curse. Voldemort's parents took responsibility for the incident and, after Dumbledore's death, Dumbledore began asking why Dumbledore's parents were upset about the incident. He continued: "You are not going to be in harm's way at this point." Snape, who seemed very confused with all of this, was asked by his mother about the incident, as they both have been quite busy preparing the book. "I'm glad he's been around a little bit longer, but I do not see him doing any harm, so I'm afraid he would rather be alive," he replied, pointing out that the curse has been used in some ways by the people of Ozpin's childhood. "You just can't believe his parents would have done anything worse than this." Snape also noted that the curse was not intended to cause harm to Voldemort.
<br>
"And since he wasn't actually poisoned, Dumbledore must have been a bit mad, but that doesn't mean that he did anything bad, either, but it's a little bit surprising that he did nothing bad," Snape added.
<br>
"Severus!" remarked his mother. "You must not yell whatever comes to your mind," and then began laughing. Snape's father was very upset but when he saw Snape's mother laughing, he laughed heartily as well. It was a nice feeling for him to watch them both laugh. Snape was obviously a bit more concerned about their father's problems than his mom. Harry and Snape were both incredibly nice and friendly and friendly at first, but after the first half of the book got completed, he wasn't able to speak English at all, and was more annoyed at being told that he needed to read the book.